   https://codepen.io/lasheak/pen/RwrYLZW
   
   
   1. What is Semantic HTML? 
1..is the correct use of HTML to reinforce the meaning of content on a web page, rather than merely define its appearance.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
2..is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
3..define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image. Attributes are always specified in the start tag (or opening tag) and usually consists of name/value pairs like name="value" . Attribute values should always be enclosed in quotation marks.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
4..is usually used for the title of a page or post and it is the first header visible on a page. And should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
5.. img and a.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
6..<head> element.

    7. What is an id? 
7.. attribute.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
8..

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
9.. Once.

    10. What is a class? 
10..The class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element. The class attribute is mostly used to point to a class in a style sheet.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
11.. It can be used on any HTML element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
12..There is no technical limit.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
13.. just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
14..The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
15..The id of an element is unique within a page, so the id selector is used to select one unique element! To select an element with a specific id, write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
16..<section> means that the content inside is grouped (i.e. relates to a single theme), and should appear as an entry in an outline of the page. <div> , on the other hand, does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class , lang and title attributes.

    17.What is CSS used for? 
17..is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts.

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
19..The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
20..To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
22..The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.It gives the relation between two elements. The element > element selector selects those elements which are the children of specific parent.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
24..A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
25..The css property that handles this is named line-height.

    26. use to change the spacing between letters?
26..the letter spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
27.. the text transform property.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
28..div {
	border: dotted black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
29.. using the *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
30..CSS uses the same "block comment" syntax as the C-like languages - you start a comment with /* , and end it with */ .

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
31.. using "git status"

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
32.. using "ls"

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
33..rm -i filename

    34. Why should I use version control? 
34..ersion control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
35..Depends on your source code system and what else you have in place. \

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
36..git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
37.. fork,clone,add, comment, commit, push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
1.. By default, inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur (although, as usual, this can be changed using CSS).

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
2..An absolutely positioned element is an element whose computed position value is absolute or fixed .

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
